1.7.0-release
Optional (Recommended)
(This is where I start really ramping up changes to the code
as I prepare for 2.0.0. If you dont want to update, dont.
You can also install any old version on github if
you find the new update unstable)

Discord - https://discord.gg/gCJgyUrvjY
You can either copy it or update DDMM first,
as it will register as a hyperlink after the update

Sorry for the long wait with this update,
I wanted to push it out faster but
my SSD literally died on me whilst I was working on
this, then I got busy with IRL stuff.

Please report issues only through the UI and/or the new discord!
(or if you really want, GitHub)

(For this update mainly, please report literally any
issues you find, or any features you want, since
this is a pretty heavy rewrite and I want to make sure that
no bugs exist)

I have now updated tauri to the latest version,
if you experience issues, that is probably where
they are coming from. I still decided to do this
in order to prevent potential vulnerabilities.

Screenshot Preview Of Images Not Loading Fixed
 - Extreme Cache-Culling caused images
 to be dereferenced before they were loaded.

When Renaming A Mod, The Title Will Scroll To The Right,
Allowing You To See What You Are Typing.

You now no longer can rename a mod to an existing mod.
Downloads with the same name as existing mods
will have a number appended to the end.

Pins!
- Pins now allow you to pin mods to the top of the list
and play them later (they are above favorites).
- This is in order for you to make a mod that you want to play,
but do not feel like marking it as a favorite.

How To Pin A Mod:
- To pin a mod, click the heart icon to the right of
the mod's cover or to the left of the mod's name.
- To unpin, click on the pin.
- You may also drag the pin into the cover to pin it,
or, drag the pin out of the cover to unpin it.

Mod Download Fixed
- The Good Ending (Some Imports Into The Game Folder Were Not Detected)

More complete translation support.
Added last played date.
Changed a few icons.
Faster HTML escaping.
Improved loading speeds (caching covers now
    takes significantly less time).
Underlying code rewrite pt. 2.
    Minor refactor, like plus or minus ~2000 lines added/removed/modified
    Should have feature parity, just more security and better for the future.
    This took me an entire day (12 hours straight of coding) to update, and
    now, I want to bash my head against the wall.
Binary Optimizations (Smaller exe size)
Dependency updates.
Preload images now actually preload
 - Better Cache Management
Better Searching Algorithm
 - Mods are back in alphabetical order
Profiles now work with more mods and no longer fails if the game
saves to mod/games/saves